Intro : Shiny City, 20XX;;
In this city of light, where modernity meets poverty, chaos reigns.;
The government, in an attempt to defy these dire circumstances, has developed a synthetic drug named the "Alpha Compound".;
This highly mutagenic substance has granted a diverse number of fighters superhuman abilities, forming a new generation of super soldiers known as the "Freak Squad".;;
Unfortunately, a leak of the compound supplies has given the worst criminals equal power, plunging the city into an unparalleled era of fear and uncertainty.;
The government suspects the escape of the compound throughout the city was orchestrated by Kimpah, the deranged puppeteer. This former member of the Freak Squad has descended into madness,;
committing unforgivable crimes, raising herself among the highest-ranking terrorists.;;
Kimpah has now seized control of a district in the city, taking advantage of the raging chaos to terrorize its inhabitants, enslaving them in puppet shells that she manipulates.;
Local authorities have left the streets, completely overwhelmed by the force of her puppet army.;;
In a final attempt to stop Kimpah, The government has decided to dispatch their best agents at the border of the danger zone. Thus, Big Boy and Bloodlust, two Freak Agents,;
are sent to eliminate all threats and secure the condemned district, with tactical assistance from their superior, Manix.;;Press A to continue...*

Ending : Kimpah now detained, Big Boy and Bloodlust have completed their mission. They start to relax as they see government vehicles arrive to take Kimpah to White Nurse,;
a high security asylum for containing and rehabilitating Freaks;however their relief is short lived. As agents are dragging Kimpah into the back of a white armored vehicle,;
her gag comes loose, and she shouts into the sky:;;
"You think you're done with me Manix? Don't think for a second you've won!;
The people will know, the world will find out about you and your government's twisted experiments! And then, I'll be ready... This isn't over yet!";;
Her crazy eyes turn to the perplexed Big Boy and Bloodlust. Neither knows what to make of these strange accusations, but one thing is sure.;
As they watched the scene unfold, and Kimpah turned to them, they didn't see madness in her eyes, but anger, and despair. And there was at least some truth to what she said. This was far from being over.;;Press A to continue...*